Project Title:

Name of Project:Polybees Network

Proposal Category: Polybees CryptoMarket Watch, Dapp Launcher, Coin Minter, Nft Maker, Play To Earn, Peer to Peer Local Malaysia Market, Polybeeswap
Proposer: Polybees
Do you agree to open source all work you do on behalf of this RFP?: No, Contract Partly open source
Project Description
What we are solving? recently Binance has been blocked in Malaysia, This Create a crumble blockchain society to trust on decentralized idea, Polybees will lead the decentralize market in malaysia, 
The rise of Flow shows that NFT games are still popular. And NFT as collectibles are now increasingly recognized by blockchain users. So we plan to develop an Earn to Play game on the IoTeX public chain. This game contents of collection, auction, synthesis, lottery and other functions. And we plan to add some features, such as battle arena in the future. By the way ,we will add IoTeX's new hardware link with Pebble so that can provide more benefits to Pebble owners. There are four person on our team, a front-end developer, a back-end developer , a game planning, and an art. All of the members are all senior developers in game industry.

Value
The main design purpose is Earn to Play, to increase players activity on the chain. It not only allows players to enjoy the fun of collecting but also earn some money in the game. It also serves the purpose of active on-chain transactions and other purposes to bring more activity for the public chain. The game can attracts the first users to invest through the art and bonus pools, thus motivating players to synthetically acquire raffle tickets. Every parts of the cats in the game can be combined, and specific combinations will give birth to extremely rare cats, thus leading to constant actions, such as synthesis and auction in order to get the rare cats. Further strengthen the on-chain activity of the public chain.

Deliverables
The final product is a blockchain game that can be played on both mobile web, and desktop web. People are able to get rare cats on the chain by synthesizing them, and in the same time, we can take a commission for the pool of money. Thus players can be encouraged to synthesize transactions and thus extract fees from them for the purpose of filling up the bonus pool, while also enlivening the effective transactions on the chain. After that, the battle function is added so that players can enjoy more, not just collecting.

Development Roadmap
Number	Deliverable	Date	role	funding require	status

1.Play to Earn Gamify
2.Development of game synthesis, auction, output and other functions	          1,00,000 IOTX 
3.Add combat features in the game	                                              1,00,000 IOTX
4. Polybees Market Watch htttps://polybees.network	                            1,00,000 IOTX
5. Polybees trading Bot Based on API  https://app.polybees.network/#/trade 	    1,00,000 IOTX
6. Polybees Market Swap and LP Dapps	                                          1,00,000 IOTX
7. Polybees Dapps Launcher	                                                    1,00,000 IOTX
8. Polybees Coin Minter	                                                        1,00,000 IOTX
Total Budget Requested	                                                        1,00,000 IOTX
Total funding required： 8,000,000 IOTX

The use of funds plan:

R & D (planning, front-end, back-end) costs
Maintenance and Upgrade Plans
First of all , making the basic features, such as synthesis, auction, bonus pools, etc. performance. After these are stable add the card battle function.

Team
Team Members
fariz tiger
Dragon Deha
Wani CheBunga
ChadBakery Swap
shafiq sakri
Moralis Team

Relevant Experience
10 years-experience browser side and javascript tech who work as Neuro Technologist at Penang Neuro Specialist Clinic. He has been involved in the production of many front end and defi apps request and also the head of penang Innovation Team.
Team code repositories
We take a closed source approach for the front-end and back-end code, and an open source approach for the contract of the main logic of the game. To protect the game, the rules related to synthesis we take a closed source approach.

Additional Information
Thinking about how to bring Pebble into the game. And offer some benefits to Pebble users. and how would pebble and other iot equiptment could interact with brain.
