RFP Proposal: Chacha
RFP Category: IDO platform
Name of Project: Chacha
Link to RFP：http://chacha.finance/
Proposer: Chacha

Do you agree to open source all work you do on behalf of this RFP and dual-license under MIT and APACHE2 licenses?: "YES"

Project Description
Chacha is a decentralized cross-chain IDO platform with project channel &light social functions. As the first platform to establish the light social network for investors and project parties, Chacha not only has a very strict risk control mode responsible for screening high-quality blockchain projects for investors, but also provides real-time project tracking and investment analysis, monitoring the flow of funds through contract.

Deliverables
Please describe in details what your final deliverable for this project will be.
Chacha aim to create a simple but secure environment for investors  and   
decentralized,interoperable environment for projects and start-ups to raise capital. 
Chacha offers first-hand project tracking channel to give investors latest updates of projects. For better user’s experience, Chacha has launched chacha bridge which is the safest, fastest and most secure way to bring cross-chain assets to other chains. In the future, chacha bridge will support more chains to bring more convenience to our users. 

Development Roadmap
Please break up your development work into a clear set of milestones. You can use the milestones suggested in the RFP or create your own. This section needs to be very detailed (will vary on the project, but aim for around 2 pages for this section).

First, Chacha will launch the first airdrop campaign and contact KOL in blockchain industry for platform incentives and community establishment. 
Second,When the number of token holding addresses increases to 2000-10000, Chacha will open IDO for the first time.
Third, Chacha will continue to screening high-quality blockchain projects to grow the amount of token holding addresses. 
The follow-up is to be determined.

Total Budget Requested 
6000U，Minimum single investment 1000U


Team
Contact Info
Email: chachadefi@gmail.com
Twitter: @chacha16685506
Telegram: https://t.me/chachadefi
Medium: https://medium.com/@chachadefi


Team Members
CEO& Director of Operations Chacha
2017 enter blockchain industry
20+ Application technology experience in blockchain technology industry
30+ DEFI Projects design and development experience
10+ Blockchain projects operation experience 
50+ Blockchain projects investment experience
Proficient in Blockchain technology application design, development and operation

Head of Investment Research Department Danzel
100+ Blockchain projects investment experience in primary market
FIL, CRUST miner
20+ Project incubation experience
Technology R&D Background
Rich practical experience in the application of Blockchain technology, public chain, and Defi
Rich information sources for macroeconomic and industry trends
Created a complete project indicator evaluation model

Head of R&D department Dick
30+ Defi projects research and development experience
Full stack designer
Proficient in mainstream public chain bottom layer and smart contract development
